README.md, before:

# Jonathan Guthrie's source for Anthony Good's Arduino Keyer

## Introduction

In ham radio, I am what is known as a CW Operator.  That is, my preferred way of using the radio is Morse Code.  I was first licensed when one was required to demonstate skill in Morse Code receiving and sending, and I just kind of kept on that way.  In order to send CW, the easiest thing to do that I have found is to use a device called a "squeeze key," or "iambic paddles" but that key must be connected to an electronic device called a "keyer."  Simple keyers are available and reasonably inexpensive, but I've always wanted what is called a "memory keyer" which has the ability to remember messages and to replay them at need.  However, those have historically been quite expensive.

Some time back, I was wondering what I could do to justify getting an Arduino to play around with, and it occurred to me that an Arduino could form the basis of a memory keyer.  It also occurred to me that I didn't really want to design the hardware or to write the software from scratch, but that someone else had probably already done that.  I quick search led me to Anthony Good K3NG's Web Site.

https://blog.radioartisan.com/arduino-cw-keyer/

I created an Arduino shield based upon his schematic, which can be ordered from OSHPARK

https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/WsNztKYk

##

This project is not sponsored or supported in any way by my employer Hewlett Packard Enterprise

Commit message:

Add a statement to the README file about the current status of the project.

README.md, after:

# Jonathan Guthrie's source for Anthony Good's Arduino Keyer

## Introduction

In ham radio, I am what is known as a CW Operator.  That is, my preferred way of using the radio is Morse Code.  I was first licensed when one was required to demonstate skill in Morse Code receiving and sending, and I just kind of kept on that way.  In order to send CW, the easiest thing to do that I have found is to use a device called a "squeeze key," or "iambic paddles" but that key must be connected to an electronic device called a "keyer."  Simple keyers are available and reasonably inexpensive, but I've always wanted what is called a "memory keyer" which has the ability to remember messages and to replay them at need.  However, those have historically been quite expensive.

Some time back, I was wondering what I could do to justify getting an Arduino to play around with, and it occurred to me that an Arduino could form the basis of a memory keyer.  It also occurred to me that I didn't really want to design the hardware or to write the software from scratch, but that someone else had probably already done that.  I quick search led me to Anthony Good K3NG's Web Site.

https://blog.radioartisan.com/arduino-cw-keyer/

I created an Arduino shield based upon his schematic, which can be ordered from OSHPARK

https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/WsNztKYk

## What is it's current state

Currently, the keyer only does Iambic-A because that's what I need.  It saves memories into nonvolatile storage and can record and play back messages.  However, it hasn't been worked on in a long time because I've gone in a different direction.  I'm working on a keyer dongle based on the Arduino Nano which is intended to be connected to and is based on the user interface of a Raspberry Pi.  However, this might be of historical interest.

## NOTE

This project is not sponsored or supported in any way by my employer Hewlett Packard Enterprise
